We begin our story with one Omar Jadeed. There were many like Omar in a big place like New York and he knew it. It was strange, he oftentimes thought, considering it was just the Jadeeds, the Husseinis, and the Al-Ayyubs as the arabs in the neighbourhood, how unremarkable he felt. The Jadeeds consisted of himself, his father, sister, and two brothers. There were realtives Omar knew of, but he hadn't seen them since they last visited Beirut after his great-uncle Majd passed. Of course, before that, they had been a Yafa family for generations, but as his father said "these things cannot be stopped, they must be ridden like a high tide". As far as Omar was concerned, he was an American that was supposed to be Lebanese because he couldn't manage to be Palestinian in time. For all his 25 years, he had lived in Bensonhurst, walking the same streets as the Puerto Ricans and Italians, and going home to a family standing by until they could make it back to a place where Arabic was on every tongue. It was boring, opressively boring, to live every day with the sense that someday things would go back to the way they were meant to be, but today was not that day, like your flight was delayed every day for two and a half decades. It was only when things comlicated, the way things only could in the America Omar lived in, that this waiting came to a close. Strictly speaking, that's at least  what Omar would tell people years later when he was asked how all those deaths and close brushes with his own death affected him.
